
Early versions of Rubble were heavily based on a similar utility, Blast, but recent versions resemble that utility only in the basic syntax.

Compared to Blast:
Pros:
	Comes with an extensive standard library (FAR more so than Blast)
	Extensive support for DFHack
	No need for an external runtime, Rubble is a native application
	Addons may override each other's files (without a fragile diff system)
	Full parser/lexer, not just a bunch of regular expressions
	It's really easy to mix script code and raw text in a template, use whichever one is easier
	Variable expansion, no more GET_VAR, works in any parse stage
	Many templates for registering objects and the like are replacements for vanilla raw tags allowing better formatting
	Some files may be parsed but not included in the generated raws
	Support for easily and quickly installing tilesets from addons
	Allows you to run "tweak scripts" before or after generation for fine-tuning the results
	Easy to use HTML-based UI that supports all common actions
	Support for detailed addon meta data, including dependencies and descriptions.
	Addons can be grouped into directories to make relations clear (and to make addon packs easy to distribute)
	Support for loading addons (and groups of addons) directly from zip files
	Has an extra template prefix for greater flexibility
	Faster (not that it really matters)

Cons:
	No support for handling file name collisions in any way other than as an override
	No support for Blast namespaces (eg. @, @@, and @@@)
	Variables are simple key:value pairs instead of Blast's more powerful system
	No built-in pretty printer (unless, like me, you think of this as a pro :p)
	The scripting language isn't exactly mainstream


Why Another Raw Generator?

Blast and Rubble have completely different visions, Blast is focused on single mods with a small collection of optional features available as addons where as Rubble is focused on many individual mods that are not part of a unified whole. To put it simply Blast was designed with making life easy for a single modder, where as Rubble tries to be more flexible, it can work (like Blast) as a modder time-saver or it can be used (with a little more effort) as a way to tie many dissimilar mods together in a way that "just works" from the users point of view. Of course Rubble simply provides the tools, it is up to the modder to use them, but Rubble goes out of it's way to make that easy.

Basically I just wanted something that allowed me to do most of the things I could do with Blast, but with less fuss and more power (with a great deal of that power being focused on mod interaction).

I have put a huge amount of effort into making Rubble as flexible and powerful as possible, so newer features like tweak scripts, the addon loader, the web UI, and addon.meta make Blast look like a toy.
A cool, powerful toy, but a toy nonetheless.

Blast is still a good utility, but Rubble is far more powerful.
