
User Commands (loaded by the init script in the "Base" addon):

Checks if a named addon is active.
	
	rubble:addonactive name
	
	name needs to be the FULL name of the addon! (for example "Base/Files")
	The name check is case-sensitive!
	Returns true or false.

Generate a place holder template.
	
	rubble:placeholder name
	
	Creates a template named <name> that returns a simple placeholder message,
	may be overridden by later definitions.

Rubble version check, aborts if the current version is not the same as or newer than the requested version.
	
	rubble:checkversion addon version
	
	If the current version is newer a message is printed saying so.
	addon is used as the name of what is requesting a specific version and does not have to be a valid addon name.

Dependency check.
	
	rubble:requireaddon me addon
	
	me and addon both need to be the full addon names! 
	me should be the addon doing the checking, addon should be the one checked.

Dependency check.
	
	rubble:incompatibleaddon me addon
	
	Same as rubble:requireaddon, just for incompatibilities instead of requirements.

Group state check.
	
	rubble:ingroup addon group
	
	Returns true if addon is part of the specified group.

Group state check.
	
	rubble:groupactive group
	
	Returns true if ANY addons in the specified group are active.

Group dependency check.
	
	rubble:grouprequires me addon
	
	Same as rubble:requireaddon except me should be an addon group.

Group dependency check.
	
	rubble:groupincompatible me addon
	
	Same as rubble:incompatibleaddon except me should be an addon group.

Makes Rubble skip a file.
	
	rubble:skipfile name
	
	name is the file's BASE NAME not it's path!
	Returns unchanged.
	
Makes Rubble not write a file out after generation..
	
	rubble:nowritefile name
	
	name is the file's BASE NAME not it's path!
	Returns unchanged.

Marks a file as containing creature graphics.
	
	rubble:graphicsfile name
	
	name is the file's BASE NAME not it's path!
	Returns unchanged.

Marks a file as a prep file.
	
	rubble:prepfile name
	
	name is the file's BASE NAME not it's path!
	Returns unchanged.
